Hi everyone! How are you? My name is Renato.
Today I'll show you how to upgrade to
s8 via itunes
well first we need to
open itunes and you will plug the
device is the iphone and ipad or
ipod touch compatible with the s18 then
you get a usb and public cable then
door of your computer stove now he
will catch acknowledged that the device
Place is recognizing here is the ipad 2
and automatically shows this screen here
which informs you that the s8 has the
option to cancel only transfer which
will do and will download s 8
and then you are either transferring and
update you can ask who
download updated and it will already do
download
now let's go because this
screen or cancel you come here
click on ipad 2 when your
device and you have here to update
he has already informed that he has a new
upgrade and upgrade but before
you do a manual backup I already did
a video showing how you backed up
videotape
were updating now via itunes
are here to update and update
again
Ok, what are you going to do and will you be staying?
here is a server software
it will show you the license then you
you can see that the features it has in the
you can not even save this feature and
You will play like the following lesson.
you have to use now that will
show the license you can see here if
you do not accept the ex's license can
to disagree he was not
You can also save this one and let's go.
proceed then agree
he will be informed here ó enter the
code an ipad 2 to continue the
update for you to update you
need to enter a code that is the code
lock that you have the device
so I'll type the code here that
I simply moved it with the
code if it had already been unlocked and
edict windows appear
here you have the information that was
being downloaded
there it will take according to your connection I
I'm making students of other things all
is to download now s8 but no uai
Direct fait will have a video too
besides they saw itunes will hear you wifi
also with what will happen several
times an ipad it will start to get
with the tutelage presented with the logo of the
Apple is normal only to wait when it
finish and unlock him I go
be showing at the end of this if you
press here
here you see here update of
software being downloaded and knows the
size each device will ring
in which case a turn is 450 meters or
close here and we will wait for the end
Here I am going to show you how
stayed after updating on itunes
now let's finish it here the ipad already
was upgraded good to do the first
when you put your finger in here and
showing several languages ​​and passing the
finger
You will enter a password that
unlocks your device and there you have
update information completed
touch continue here ask to be
choose a wifi network that is already
automatically selected and will play in
next, who looks good if I go
activate the location service and
I need a map and here asks for the password of your
apple id
If you do not have a registered one, it will
ask for registration if you want
you can skip this step and put
I'll put it on now, I can have it.
placed the password
I'll play next to all my
data of tuna and claudia already synchronized
with this appliance
this screen will show the services
What do you have if you have a huge
facetime he is already going to show who to
You and I will grow
next and the next screen will show
Welcome to another device is the
iphone ipad or ipod touch
starting already unlocked has already shown that I
I will reverse by touching settings and
about to see the version that is so
edu is the version there is yours and ready to
update completed I'm leaving
the applications are correct in place
a correct place is ready
was updated in tone for s8 via the
itunes liked the video of a young man and
Sign up for our channel and up to
more